
"I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu."

"Dyslexic man walks into a bra"

A classic Tommy Cooper gag "I said to the Gym instructor "Can you teach me to do the splits?" He said, "How flexible are you?" I said, "I can't make Tuesdays", was fifth.

Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one - and let the other one off.

Two aerials meet on a roof - fall in love - get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant.

Another one was: Doc, I can't stop singing the 'Green Green Grass of Home'. He said: 'That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome'. 'Is it common?'I asked. 'It's not unusual' he replied.

I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.

A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road."

I went to the doctors the other day and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite.

My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked.

I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah; I thought, "He's trying to pull a fast one".

There's two fish in a tank, and one says "How do you drive this thing?"

I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.

When Susan's boyfriend proposed marriage to her she said: "I love the simple things in life, but I don't want one of them for my husband".

"My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that."

I rang up British Telecom, I said, "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again".

I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up to arrange a date but unfortunately she'd popped her clogs.

A jump-lead walks into a bar. The barman says "I'll serve you, but don't start anything"

Slept like a log last night........ Woke up in the fireplace.

A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"

A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says "Sorry we don't serve food in here"

The other day I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up, I said "Did you get my drift?".

I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.

Went to the paper shop - it had blown away.

I was in Tesco's and I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said, "Are you two an item?"

I'm in great mood tonight because the other day I entered a competition and I won a years supply of Marmite......... one jar.

Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says "Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here"

I was having dinner with Garry Kasporov (world chess champion) and there was a check tablecloth. It took him two hours to pass me the salt.

I went down the local supermarket, I said, "I want to make a complaint, this vinegar's got lumps in it", he said, "Those are pickled onions".

I backed a horse last week at ten to one. It came in at quarter past four.

A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, What a turtle disaster

I said to this train driver "I want to go to Paris". He said "Eurostar?" I said, "I've been on telly but I'm no Dean Martin".

Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly. But when they lit a fire in the craft, it sank, proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it.

I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.

You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.

A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."

I tried water polo but my horse drowned.

I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything: trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.

So I met this gangster who pulls up the back of people's pants, it was Wedgie Kray.

Went to the corner shop - bought 4 corners.

A seal walks into a club...

I went to the Doctors the other day, and he said, 'Go to Bournemouth, it's great for flu'. So I went - and I got it.
